# REST-API-Flask-SQLAlchemy
Backend for serving 'ChatBot-with-RNNs' repo.

This project is built as a service for one of my previous project and it is a part of a series of projects which has been built around my AI chatbot. This is a rest API built to help developer interact with the chatbot via HTTP. It also authenticates the requests using a JWT which is provided for 30 minutes and which user needs to obtain by signing up or logging into the API. It also stores the coversations history of every user in a SQLAlchemy database.

For running this project, you just need to run the ```MyApp.py``` file in python ```2.x```, not ```3.x```.

**API ENDPOINTS**

```POST /marcos/```
*Used for checking whether the bot is online or offline.
Returns the previous conversation of a given user. 
You need to send valid username as a JSON in the body of the request and a JWT as a search param named 'token'.*

```POST /login/```
*Used for logging into the API. 
Returns a JWT which needs to be sent for all requests. 
You need to send valid username and password as a JSON in the body of the request.*

```POST /signup/```
*Used to make a new account. 
Returns a JWT used for validating requests to API.
You need to send a unique username and a password in the JSON body of your HTTP request.*

```POST /getreply/```
*Used for invoking and having a conversation with the bot. 
Returns the reply(s) generated by the AI chatbot. 
You need to send your current username and your message in the body as JSON and a JWT as a search param named 'token'.*

Since this is just a stand alone API, you also need to clone a separate repository which has the actual model. 
You can get it [here](https://github.com/ryan713/ChatBot-with-RNNs).

**NOTE:** You can also clone [this repository](https://github.com/ryan713/chatbot-react), which can act as the client for this API.
